everybody welcome back nor the line
please fighting guys again for plus
where I've been playing good and bad
critics would have you believe more bad
than good but I don't know we've had
positives we've had a lot of good runs
we've had some runs that haven't been so
hot I'll admit that dude it looks like
we're going negative with Maggie here if
you want me to get negative with Maggie
your hair stinks P 6 to 6 is e zero to
zero and your speed stat is garbage I'm
sorry that was a little uncalled for a
little close to the bone if you will
Maggie gets a bad rap dude I don't want
to be the home for misfit toys
necessarily but you know everyone talks
about Maggie as if she's a pariah
she's a persona non-grata you know she's
not invited to a boat race
stole that joke from Flight of the
Conchords it's not stealing if you cite
your sources you know when you write an
essay they don't go you stole this
information you know it's an on the
shoulders of giants sort of situation
cancer pickups pretty good here I just
think she gets a bad rap for being
garbage recently in her history sure
she's been a garbage character now she's
fine you know three point five damage
ten rate of fire one speed to start once
you get you know like greedy you're done
I don't know if it's greedy or or if
it's sad we've got me killed delirium we
have killed delirium so that might have
been what gives us the the bonus pill
can't remember actually still dealing
with the little neck strain today not
that this is where you go to get you
know an update on NL's spinal health
yeah I think it's actually a blessing in
disguise it's only been one day since
the neck pain started it's like 50%
better today so you know if it continues
on that pace it will continue to get 50
percent better every single day until
inevitably I end up having some kind of
super neck I'm interested in that I'm
looking forward to it but I think it's
like my cue to get rid of this freaking
dxracer dude I know it's twitch it's
anathema for a twitch streamer to say
they don't like the dxracer chair it's
not that I don't like it I think I just
aged out dude I'm not even trying to get
sympathy for like
I'm old I'm turning 29 this year please
return to the concept of a pension just
joking
anyway but I think I got it I got a a
job I gotta get some organ Amish stuff
dude you get older you learn you're not
invincible I got a little tendinitis in
both wrists I'm sure from having like an
odd organ AMA computer setup combined
with spending a lot of time at the
computer you might be like 16 17 18 19
20 there's many other numbers you could
be as well in terms of your age in terms
of years on planet Earth but if you're
on the you know the side it's a little
lower than me you might consider
yourself immortal you might say why
don't you just not get tendinitis
grandpa it's the easiest thing in the
world look at me you'll you'll see you
know you get older ergonomics aka like
the lamest science in the world becomes
not so lame we got a spine we got to
figure out what to do with it pretty
sure that by the time I turn 80 the new
phenomenon you know we we've had desks
we had the Hawaii chair of course that
was a big one now we got standing desks
people are like sitting is the new
smoking you gotta you gotta stand up I
don't disagree with that I I could you
know live with the concept of a standing
desk for streaming I think I'm not
saying it would be fun for the first
couple of weeks but you know I think I
could get used to it the only problem is
the ceilings in my current office are
like you know seven feet high so I mean
I'm not seven feet tall but it would be
a little claustrophobic plus we get some
weird echo off the you know where did
the floor of our upstairs neighbor if
you know what I mean either way I'm
pretty sure by the time I'm 80 the new
phenomenon is gonna be like underwater
desks like the desk isn't underwater but
you spend the whole day like fully
submerged in a water tank it's great for
your spine your spine wasn't meant to
take all this gravity so now we'll just
you know in the womb we're not subject
to the pressures of gravity as much
because we're buoyant so all we got to
do is get one of these buoyancy desks
that's like as soon as I said that I was
like oh my god a buoyant desk I got to
stop giving away these awesome ideas for
free
that could make me you know a trillion
dollars one day which is gonna be worth
like you know slightly less than a
trillion dollars now but would probably
be more than enough to purchase a parcel
of land in Vancouver so that's all you
need Boyan desks is it gonna be annoying
to have a buoyant desk probably you know
you ever spring a leak the whole place
is going out but plus you're surrounded
by electronics you know you're giving me
a lot of excuses you're not giving me a
lot of solutions right now you're fired
I'm sorry I want to be the Steve Jobs of
the desk industry probably a sentence
that has been uttered on ironically at
least once in human existence you know
it always gets me there are still people
out there and by the way if you are one
of these people this is not me like
roasting you there's still people out
there on planet Earth to sleep on water
bits I want to know why cuz this strikes
me as one of those things where I'm
ignorant I'm like a waterbed as a 1980s
thing if you're still sleeping on one
you know you missed it you missed the
fad die
what's wrong like you're behind the
times but is this one of those things
where I'd you know I make fun of bullet
ball and all of a sudden everyone comes
out of the woodwork and it's like
actually it's like a really inclusive
sport for people that you know have
physical ailments and disabilities and I
had come across as a jerk is that like a
waterbed is like really good for you if
you have spine problems it seems like it
would be the opposite but you know what
do I I'm like a hundred percent not a
chiropractor so I'm not even a Keyser
söze dude it's been a very very
laid-back run here Dingles not too bad
ladies we're hoping here to get it that
was pretty terrible get a deal with the
devil we got tons of HP so we want to
trade it away for some damage because
we're still rolling like bass damage we
also have the cancer item which is
really nice for extra survivability on
the late-game floor so we don't have to
worry about the late-game floor so now
we got to worry about you know the floor
that we're on at the present moment
just continue to use this poop to help
ourselves out please don't break the
break the poop please don't break the
poop actually just came across more
offensive than I intended C was just a
misspeak
to begin with alright we if we get a
came being conception could be really
good but if we can get a blood bank it
can be even better especially with the
young heart working out for us here no
chance to make it into that mob trap
room which is actually a boss trap room
so instead we'll just bounce think I'm
gonna use the Stars card but I'm gonna
use it productively so we're gonna go
into the cursed room hope to get like
copies head cuz young hearts doing
nothing yet and then teleport out I
think this secret with this you just got
a go for it you know it's actually
really easy to not take damage on the
spikes you just don't touch him I know
it's it's like it easier said than done
sort of you know situation they're not
good enough good enough but I think you
just got it you got to put the ball in
your own hands oh my lord
think you gotta say you know what I'm
gonna force the game to hit me here I'm
gonna give myself a chance to prove that
I'm great
we did so and it works sort of I do
these enemies this is like I like this
because it's an enemy that fires in a
way we've never seen before like that's
not it's kind of like mega fatty shots
but not exactly the same it's a new
mechanic I can appreciate that
piercing shots of course happy to have
them getting paralysis out of the
ecosystem is fine by me as well we're
not going to the shop cuz I don't want
to be tempted by the fruit of another
tempted but the truth is discovered
what's been going on now that you've
been gone there's no other tempted by
the fruit of another I don't think I've
ever heard that song outside of a
commercial it's like that and day
bow-bow akka oh yeah by Yello
you know from made famous by Ferris
Bueller's Day Off and then afterwards
made famous by its Always Sunny in
Philadelphia
[Music]
what did that song ever was on the radio
or he was it Birds for movie trailers
only like that song that goes like it's
getting hot hot hot like those are movie
trailer exclusives oh please let me
shoot before you die we want to keep our
deal with the devil chance alive here
the odds of it working out for us are
very low to be honest with you thirty
three point seven five you know I
wouldn't I wouldn't hang my hat on that
that's like going to the casino betting
it all on green I know there's zero I
know there's double zero it's a little
bit of a stretch you know I mean you
know there are there are books for like
how to make money at the roulette table
have I talked about this before like if
you go to Amazon right now and search
like roulette strategy you can find
books you can find books about how to
like win money it's like the best way to
play slot machines the roulette table is
like a
I really liked the concept of roulette
because it's like pure mathematics and
probability I think I'm just gonna go
yeah we'll take world with us and just
get out of here
like literally there's like a 1% edge
for the casino which is the the green
none the green nuts no the green buttons
that it can land on zero and double zero
and then apart from that it's just like
well your risk essentially is nearly
exactly the same as your reward there's
books that are like they proclaimed that
they can teach you how to be better at
roulette who is writing this I don't
really like don't even start me on who's
buying it because that's just like I
don't want to say it's sad because maybe
I'm an idiot maybe there's strategies
you can do with regard to your betting
that make it you know you you know you
want to bring your stake in and then you
know see you later like at first time I
don't know what I'm talking about it's
the most important part your please give
me a spirit heart so I can play the
the came being conception enabler a
little bit more here zero luck not
working too well I think we should just
keep ourselves alive for the time being
build up more charges but like there's
some people are you know gambling
addicts some people are just ignorant of
the fact that it's not a game of skill
it's entirely a game of chance who's
writing these books like roulette
strategy with Vick martingale or
something like that I don't understand
you gotta have a pair of brass cojones
on you dude to be like Oh what do you do
I'm an author I write books about
roulette strategy again maybe I'm
actually missing because I know that
like there is a strategy I think it's
actually called the martingale strategy
which is why I've used that name for an
author in hypothetical land here and
what you do is you go to the roulette
table you bet X where X is low and if
you lose you know don't speaking of
losing I had to take the hit there just
to keep myself from getting hit by the
champion don't do this to me I think
we're gonna be fine we got in Cuba said
I can be in Concepcion um we just did
one more room we can do this and then
basically if you lose you bet double you
lose your bed double so the idea is you
only have to win once cuz the first time
you win you just back away you put 20
bucks down if you win you walk away with
40 bucks if you lose you put 40 bucks
down you lose you put 80 bucks down etc
etc the problem happens we have no bombs
to a clubs yeah well we'll probably use
that right away lovers card is good here
too the problem becomes you know if you
lose 80 bucks bet 160 lose 160 bucks you
bet 320 lose 320 bucks uh
maybe you don't have 640 back bucks left
to bet with or maybe the table has like
a maximum you know of like you can only
place $100 bet all of a sudden you you
know you've lost six times in a row and
you can't win your money back your
strategy has failed but apart from that
I'm like what
the heck is roulette strategy my dude
maybe I should read the book like for
curiosity's sake I've talked about it
before again it's not meant to be like a
holier-than-thou sort of thing but I
sort of just don't get gambling like
I've done it before and I've had an okay
time but I've never been like I could
really go for a trip to the casino right
now but maybe maybe I'm missing out for
now though we're gonna try to get off
this topic this tangent conversation
continue playing this get some more
money but the money is very secondary
although that was very nice
- getting came being conception - pop
for ourselves so like that we're gonna
continue playing this guy just want like
one spirit heart I can actually go for a
single red heart as well we're gonna get
rid of young heart we don't need it
anymore please just give me a red heart
cuz I shouldn't have played it as much
as I did and I feel bad no spirit heart
that's fine because what can we do now
well we can go to our curse room without
having to spend anything you could also
open that golden chest no we got hit but
we got unlimited bombs in the process as
well hey I am not playing very well
would be a good way to put it a little
HP back out of that and the run has
given us a chance so I really do you
know blame myself quite a lot for the
fact that it seems like we're doing
fairly poorly here we're still like on
basic stats but we should be starting to
run away from it like Incubus helping us
out is huge we're not gonna get boss
rush but this is all about getting the
negative to begin with like I actually
completely understand why the most
popular mobile games not all of them but
like a certain chunk of that maybe like
you know 1 out of the top 10 on the iOS
App Store at any given moment it's just
a slot machine I get it it's exciting
the you know you push the button it's a
minor investment you see what comes out
of it sometimes nothing oftentimes
nothing sometimes the little reward
very rarely a big reward you go ahead
you know I can see how they'll get your
neurotransmitters pumping but I don't
know just don't I don't understand like
people have to know that there's no
strategy right or is this one of those
things like I don't know why like I know
that ads are always targeted to you but
I don't know why how somehow I ended up
getting like exclusively on Facebook I
only get ads I get ads for like door -
which is fair enough and then I get ads
for like this Tony Robbins ask self-help
stuff where it's always like you know
before I made my first million dollars
at age 30 people asked me what success
meant to me and it's always like Tom
Harris consulting and then I click on it
not the ad but you know I go like
independently in an incognito window
searched and there's like a whole
industry of 25 year old dudes in suits
selling how to make money - 25 year old
dudes who want to be in suits like I'm
I'm missing out on this weird kind of
like Ouroboros I think it's happening
but I'm not missing out on it cuz all of
my freakin ads every day I go to
Facebook and it's like are you sick of
not accomplishing anything in your life
and I'm like I'm alright dude I'm doing
okay and they but it's then like this
dudes like you know I've made 30
millionaires of my time and I'm like I I
just don't I just don't care I got it
you know what if Facebook is actually
good about targeted ads I can click the
button that says don't tell me about
this I don't want to see this anymore
but I kind of take pleasure in the idea
that the ads are not like they're paying
for them and then it's going to me and
I'm laughing at them and then cuz I
don't want to get self-help from the guy
who's like let me tell you how I made a
million dollars cuz I'm pretty sure the
guy made a million dollars selling
ebooks to people who want to know how he
made a million dollars I want to I want
to talk to the businessmen who's like I
don't have time to think is a
businessman I want to talk to the
businessman or businesswoman who's like
I don't have time to talk to you you
know I got work to do that's the person
I want to talk to I don't want to talk
to the guy who's like sign up for my
free
course I don't want to talk to either of
them to be honest but if I have to give
me the guy who was like I'm Way too busy
to talk I'm too busy being successful
instead of the guy who's like let me
write blog posts about how successful I
am but I get I might this is all coming
from a place of ignorance all admit like
I have a friend and he's a good friend
this is not like an acquaintance
situation that I'm selling out but he's
a good friend of mine he was really into
like Eckhart Tolle for a while there's
nothing wrong with that Eckhart Tolle
you know I'm familiar with some of his
axioms he's like a philosopher in the
modern eras written some books like the
power of now it's all about like
motivating yourself if not now when
etc etc but I always found out like a
weird sort of paradox and maybe this is
just my way of glossing over things but
you know Eckhart Tolle is like all there
ever is is now so what are you doing
with your time and I'm like Eckhart I'm
reading this book right now you're
making me feel guilty first from
indulging in the products that you have
sold me I kind of want to return this
and I don't even know it this but it
started going out and learning how to
paint wild flowers in my backyard or
something like that that's obviously a
joke we don't have a backyard please
stop hitting me
madness imprisoning me all that I see
absolute failure anyway I don't even
know how we got off on this topic you
know how we got off on this topic cuz
we're on the fifth floor and I have
three point five damage that's how I
ended up on this topic I'm just like the
same thing like I used to get ads on
YouTube all the time I don't know what
happened to this guy you got you got
swallowed up by Tai Lopez I guess but he
used to be like i'm mike chang with
sixpackshortcuts.com like has paid
tuition for every class I'm taking as an
adult is my guess and that is not even
an exaggeration but you always you know
you click on a video hey guys what's up
here's the foods you should not be eaten
if you want to have a six-pack abs
number one Donuts number two just a
glass of water with a kilogram of
powdered sugar in it you're like my
Chang I know I don't need this ad
I know the secret to abs I just there is
no there's no I don't need a shortcut
yet I haven't even taken the long way
proper diet and exercise and I don't
need the I don't need the long form
approach the recipe is very simple not
easy but simple you know I just I love
the taste of food that's bad for me more
than I love being able to take my shirt
off and go hey look at those and also of
course the other benefits like probably
living a little bit longer but like
that's not really like a benefit that I
can feel until I'm already there
like sure the program is called Six Pack
Shortcuts it's not called the longevity
log book it's how to get a Beachbody not
how to get a body that'll you know
survive through octogenarian ism you
know what I mean they know what sells is
what I'm trying to say I've already made
that sure I had you know I was in shape
in a high school it made sense for me at
the time because I didn't know how many
good foods were out there I was dead in
high school I didn't eat soup because it
was too wet that's not even a joke I
know that's what Austin believes is a 24
year old but as a 17 year old that's
what I believed I didn't like eating
rice coz it was just too much work
there's so much rice on this plate who
could have possibly eat all this rice
it's outrageous you know made things
very simple I don't need a six pack
shortcut I need to I need the motivation
I need you to like you know that that's
what I need in like a personal trainer
people are always like well you need
someone that'll keep you honest math I
don't need the information I know the
information stop eating those dang
pretzel chips just because you're eating
them with hummus doesn't mean it's good
for you just adding a good food to a
food is bad for you doesn't make it good
the carrots do not purify the ranch
dressing regardless what I need is like
a personal trainer that would you know
I'd hire them and we'd sign a contract
and then they'd come to my house at like
6:00 in the morning
and like just blared like a airhorns
it's a good idea but you could take a
baseball bat and like threaten to break
my legs we're going on this morning
James you know I know I sign that
contract but I don't really but Kuhn you
know shatter a kneecap or something
looks like we're using the rowing
machine that's what I need in a personal
trainer which is also terrifying never
do that that's I'll just live with the
one pack for now there's a one pack
shortcut I don't need a shortcut I'm
already there
do it please Lord give me something
that's not an active item that's worse
than the one we already have I'm beggin
beggin I'm dead just shut up so I mean
he has algae's know one of these days
are gonna learn the runes dude could
possibly make like oh that was bad we
can make like another Incubus by doing
this I think just pretty much what we're
looking for cuz like it's the single
biggest damage injection I think we
could have let's take death cuz like
dude I don't know I want to I want to
get through this I wanna get free I
wanna get free I wanna get free from
Mike Chang's ads isn't it funny it
should be it shouldn't be six-minute
there's a joke in here give me a second
it shouldn't be six-minute abs more like
six-minute ads right right because of
today's ad focused online content
ecosystem this guy knows what I'm
talking about oh my lord we actually got
a luck upgrade
it's alright I'll hang I'll hang as long
as I need to hang by the way I didn't
forget I noticed that we got leach of
the Brian variety number two defenseman
New York Rangers look it up kids born in
the wrong generation we need I mean are
we on Depp's - now we are we're
surprisingly fairly close to being on
schedule for boss rush and hush not that
either of them is a particular relevancy
I was a advance move there I wanted to
use oh that sucked I wanted to use IV
bag to prevent myself from taking spear
at hard damage you know if that's not an
advanced move you've been in the Isaac
bubble too long
what's an advanced move to you then oh
when you oh you know you abuse the item
mechanics so that you get the extra
pools and they give it crashes the game
gives you a free no that's like guru
level I ain't about that okay we need as
many red hearts as possible
as much as I wish we didn't I'm hoping
IV bag does work with game being
conception cuz it did just like might
not oh my lord
that is awful
you know leave for now I I didn't know
you could go through a run this long
without getting at ears speed or age oh
I guess we did get HP at ears speed or
damage upgrade at least like we've been
living in this world where we're just
like this is just how Maggie is forever
apparently please God I mean I haven't I
would never suggest that I've been
playing the greatest I've ever played in
my entire life but I really want to call
attention to the fact that we're on base
stats six floors into the game sure we
squandered a deal with the devil
we got lucky actually to get came being
conception from our first deal with the
devil otherwise we'd be in a real nasty
spot like we we've gotten almost
exclusively these will always pay for
themselves because we have IV bag in the
blood bank but question mark card I
don't know that seems horrible I don't
think it's worth 15 cents let's put it
that way uh they just keep tossing some
bombs in there seven cent compost to a
club's with taro cloth could get a lot
of bombs potentially it's that's
tempting think instead I'm gonna buy a
two-cent bad boy they're two of clubs to
get us up to four I had no idea what
question my card was gonna do for us
there I figured that try it on for size
let's find the item room I think it's
weird but I think we have a win on this
run the Incubus is a huge help
however like we need some damage of like
any sort better tear effects piercing
shots Incubus can carry us for a while
but eventually that you know the carry
juice is gonna run out
or as they call it on Sex in the City
sinn fein del now carry juice seed maybe
my audience doesn't overlap with the Sex
in the City demographic that much that's
okay
I mean I never really watched the show
either it was on TBS when I was a
teenager and Kim Cattrall is half
Canadian so you know by law we have to
watch a little bit of it every year in
biology class but to a space that
dislike enough keys for us to never have
to worry about it for the rest of our
natural lives
I wanna get keys I wanna get keys give
me some tears please give me some tears
please give me some tears please why
would you do this Edmund come in come in
please
I would settle for sure that would
settle for that some speed is worth
something here
we need damage my dude that was not a
good one I think we might be able to do
the well it's irrelevant now but we
might be able to do like the world's
fastest play there like space walk walk
space walk walk because you know you can
get two plays out of the demon judgement
which is why I was hesitating to use the
IV bag before I played him is they
didn't want to lower my effective window
for getting that invincible play but in
the end we got acid baby which is okay
Oh No
especially if we get any good pills in
our rotation which you know as of right
now let's be real I got no idea we're at
27 minutes just getting through the
first half of the game so I'm a little
skeptical we do have a 100% chance of a
deal with the devil and we can afford to
take
it's no concern whatsoever sure but
bombs pretty not good but instantly
becomes like the second best item we've
gotten out of an item room on our whole
run oh we did get a little brim now so
we got a nice little array of familiars
walking around with us that annoys me
but just don't lose your deal with the
devil chance by being a moron and you'll
be Bob's your uncle etc etc just looking
at the the rate of fire and the damage
stat like it's a it's like a mark of
shame it's like the scarlet digit maybe
all I need is a shot in the freaking arm
dude my veins bloodier than blood I
think he was talking about blood doping
when he wrote that song probably not
right Jeff Tweedy doesn't seem like that
and he follows the Tour de France the
Tour de Pras can i I got an honest
question why don't they call it led Tour
de France we always say that the Tour de
France if we're gonna is usually if
we're gonna say France and we're gonna
say Tour Doug why don't we just know you
why don't we just go all the way and
call you know Leigh Tour de France sorry
did I get too real for you
Hunger Games no thanks I'm still full
please have mercy
look I ruined my own deal with the devil
chance there let's go let's go
give me some cambian
I need more just hold onto this could be
useful
I think like 1/2 of people are gonna
over rate this run they're gonna look at
it and go what's the problem you got you
know little brim Incubus piercing shots
the problem sorry I didn't want to get
mad there the problem so we've the same
stats we've had since we were birthed
into this mortal coil that never is a
good recipe on an Isaac run please Ben
like okay it's not the same stats cuz we
have raised our speed and we've probably
affected our shot speed in some way
that's like useless but like it's bad
dude this is a bad run I'm just telling
you that straight off the bad here we
might be able to succeed regardless like
we did get a little stronger we have the
negative we want to make sure we make it
down to Sheol are you actually doing any
damage at all like or just irritating me
black candle that's pretty good
well worth the attempt to go down here I
know by the way that we can use our
pills to do damage within a room if you
try to do so not so much with bad trip
because that would be stupid
Oh
well there goes the Black Card we look
at the effects of black candle
regardless this is the you know that's
what I get for being like hey Maggie's
not so bad you should all give her a
chance it turns out she's actually
extremely annoying stop the thing is I
mean for ya set him up open up shop but
when we get the pill we want to hold bad
trip cuz it's useful for us so it's a
bad habit right now but we should leave
with a good pill or a pill that we want
to take regardless and then come back
for bad trip later quite a lot of money
it's a shame that that stat is worth
borderline zero right now sure we get
able add it to the pile of incredibly
useless familiars that we've managed to
accrue thus far lockup okay you're
starting to speak my language I can make
it out but there's a heavy accent thank
you for trying we're gonna work on our
communication process here and we're
gonna meet in the middle somewhere and
this runs gonna be beautiful yeah it's
so we actually we've now reached a new
landmark we are worse than we the run
started with at least statistically
obviously in many ways were better but
from a statistical standpoint this run
is actually now the worst it's ever been
that doesn't happen too often so we
might as well relish in it while we try
to catch up so this run can cut the
mustard
please I'm begging you
questions like just take this we know we
want that I was working as a pill Lana
curse it run that much is true
Tyrone and all the people at the studio
don't want you to win boohoo don't don't
you want me me in this context is a
juicy damaged up grade don't don't you
want me
shouldn't gun hit on capes too you would
be free I want this - we got succubus
okay that's like a huge help what if
instead of giving me like every good
familiar in the game you just gave me
some damage so that I could hurt enemies
myself without having to rely on a
little help from my friends what do you
do when the run goes awry I complain to
my YouTube audience what is the name of
the song that you play I get by with a
little help from my friends
oh I would die if I don't get some
damage I'm gonna try to acquiesce some
damage acquiesce some damage the cat did
not like that note my dude there's some
damage if I gotta sing for my supper
I'll sing for my supper here we go we
got a damage upgrade it doesn't even
have to be mom's knife then it don't
need to be brimstone I need tears or my
run is gonna end
can I get shears before the run it's the
end magic me here before the run it's
the end before the run hits the end and
there's that's not that bad like the
note is obviously horrible I know I can
I already can't sing but like coming up
with those lyrics right off the top of
the cut
that's not that bad more I've always
been more of a freestyle rapper like
here's one right off the top of the dome
piece you've got to lose yourself in the
moment the music you wanted you better
never let it go you only get two shots
do not miss your chance to blow this
opportunity comes once in a lifetime
look at that completely original 100%
original freestyle rap it did reference
lose yourself by Eminem I've cited it
MLA style in my bibliography
and in my intergalactic planetary so you
might think like onl is probably like
he's having a good time on this right
now that he got count of nine tails you
losing your mind
obviously I'm not the runs still is like
really bad we basically got enough
damage to compensate for the fact that
we got a enough damage to compensate for
the fact that we gotta tears downgrade
on the last floor where we're still
pretty much rolling at a base level mind
you it's succulence of course kbu
conception has been like an actual
all-star it's pretty good investing to
be honest my favorite character from The
Addams Family you know uncle and fester
sounds like a tool song
help
please just die before these shots get
to me didn't get the deal dude I know we
got to go down I'm a little cheesed
about it though why don't we try to
accomplish a lot on this run excuse me
I'm the game what do you think you're
trying to do there make progress I don't
think so sir we had two bad trippy's no
Luck's
just trying to you know I hate to do it
because it's much easier to just waltz
in on a run and just destroy everything
but you know we got to use every
available advantage here unfortunately
makes for a more interesting run I
suppose and the whole scheme of things
because it was kind of like a willy or
won't he's sort of thinking on its of
Ross and Rachel if he was a Ted and
Robin it's a you know every show it's a
Jim and Pam every every show's got its
own variety on this trope including mine
it's a it's an NL Maggie here yeah yeah
that's good
we might as well use the full healthy
also got three lookup greats
Wetteland follower where hurled might as
well keep full health is a slightly more
flexible pill speed upgrade allows us to
use full health when we're not at zero
health not that I would ever expect that
to be like too relevant but still I
think we're gonna make it through this
floor the next floor is gonna be
potentially like a little bit of a
nightmare but I don't know dude weirdly
enough acid baby combined with a pretty
okay pill rotation and all you know
Bob's your uncle
does suck I wish I could just delete all
the familiars I don't like from
existence right here not not a NIH's ik
in general just in this run like all the
rainbow baby has no reason to exist
right now he's just making it so we can
miss with with Incubus
little brim I want him closer to the top
so that my dude can land shots a little
bit more easily about one more hit you
should use this hate to do it but it
also has to be done is that it another
it's a full health I thought it was
another infested it's actually much much
better I'm begging you
like please give me a joker card or some
give me a little bit of hope rebellions
have been built on hope another
completely original phrase I do have to
cite rogue one I have to cite them in my
sources but I came up with that phrase I
was influenced by them dude this is what
I'm doing here is dumb or is it because
we have full health
and we have the cancer trinket so as
long as we don't leave the room we can
get items at least this way I don't
really want to fight the angel statues
but Seraphim is like pretty good I know
you're like this guy's gonna
accidentally kill himself that's not my
intention
okay we're gonna pick that up shouldn't
have picked it up you have it could have
useful help I don't want a teleport
however I could be mega Satan on this
run if we get absurdly lucky and the run
becomes stronger I kinda just hoping for
more items though so I'm thinking like
we could use full health an IV bag to
maybe cheat the system but I don't think
it works like that I think I just got a
you know own up to the fact that I'm
gonna lose these spirit hearts right
what I would like to fight beat the
second angel statue and then pop full
health I don't think I want a teleport
cuz we'll just go down that way anyway
not have we beaten saving on this we
have so we could teleport but what is
actually maybe we should teleport cuz
I'm getting any extra items down here by
teleporting we'll get down to the juicy
red chests and hopefully regular chests
of the chests as quickly as possible and
at the cost of only half of spirit ours
is one of the few times it's actually
been productive to play the
self-sacrifice room nine lives
and a lot of spirit hearts so we've not
done mega Satan fantastic don't pick
that up yet I'm gonna play it by ear
cuz to be honest with you I don't like
our odds against mega Satan I don't
think it's bad
like I think we do it's either mega
Satan or you know one whole floor full
of jerks both pretty nasty but we have
five luck so I'm thinking that you know
five luck probably allows us to pick up
some more items so I kind of want to see
oh Lord oh my god kind of well want to
see what we can get out of it first
there's an item shard of glass maybe all
I need is a shot of glass
I found the secret room for me it's very
nice of him
this this is why I'm not excited to like
do anything like mega save me on this
run sure it was pretty lucky that like
we were even able to have a chance to
get mega Satan but like you really want
to fight one of the tanky aesthetics in
the game pretty much just using little
brim my answer that question is no but
you know your mileage may vary Celtic
cross it's pretty I was bad it's just
pretty no it's pretty ok you know we
need like if we got bloody lust I'm
gonna do like a little chefs kiss
prepare yourself if we got bloody lust I
would be extremely happy I knew that was
question marks actually but I thought
you know we already use question marks
who cares if we use them again
might as well get some value so I might
be a baby and just leave this run after
the fight with the lamb this is where I
find myself confused again it's like can
I fight the lamb and the lamb one now
can I fight the lamb and then leave and
fight mega Satan
this we'll start with the lamb and see
it feels like something I used to know
but again you know things get they get
popped and purged and you know pushed
back on the mental vector of my memory
why don't we get a range upgrade when we
got hit blood and guts or bloody guts
shard of glass you get the idea
good pal dude okay
my favorite game show good pill I don't
want to go down that road it could be a
troubling mental story of what I think a
show called good pill would be about it
would actually just be about sampling
various pilsners the world over I
shouldn't have stood still there
we got lucky to get more than we
bargained for dude I love that charmed
lamb well somehow someway keep coming up
with funky a wins like every single day
may I took the game engine into gear
zing every familiar in the game cuz
eight floors deep and my damage still
boned no I would not like to do a
victory lap so hopefully that counts it
does as we just see as we just saw I
should say I always get see and saw
confused it's like a teeter-totter
situation
I still want like more items but you got
a wonder like is it worth it and not I'm
like I'm it's such a serious question in
my eyes I'm not even gonna do the Missy
Elliott quote about putting her thing
down flipping it and reversing it
because I I don't support the kind of
riffraff okay this is a family show
clean entertainment
tenten tenten tenten tenten did you do I
don't know if that'll count as a win so
I have to like I'm looking to be honest
with you for Lazarus rags that would
bring me back to life so I could
Oh what about nine lives I don't think
it would work as I think I would die too
quickly like before the animation
finished does he do it to go in the
chest afterwards right but like if he's
dead can I just walk back into the room
this is a Zayn fest I got a try
you know what they say about saying if
it works it makes you look like a smart
aleck it's a One Direction joke is this
how far we've sunk or is this how high
we've risen I'm begging you for more
items five luck is usually good for more
items down here dude I'm getting ripped
off find a lot of enemies what I want to
point out not particularly pleasurable
to fight I'm not sure if you guys are
aware of this but the runs not very good
died like and identical times
this is an ideal room you may not like
it but this is what the performance
looks like oh my lord
glitter bombs all that for glitter bombs
I don't really have a game plan I mean
that's pretty good
what on earth I used it I used it in
time
oh Lord uh like I mean that's bad
obviously but I really don't I'm trying
to think like do we take obviously
invincibility is pretty good if we could
take that in I'd be happy
do we take in Plan C I could roast them
pretty easily we have nine lives which
could bring us back but would we live
through wood under we can't take both
items in so you can't like make
ourselves invincible during Plan C nice
try though
so the other thing is that glitter bombs
could keep us alive if we get a bunch of
red hard payouts well I suppose we gotta
try what is life but one big try right
I'm already doing the post I don't think
we can take it I don't think we can take
it yet fantastic we could get battery
charges out of glitter bombs so I think
we should use book of sin
sorry Book of Shadows as soon as it's
available and and productive like it's
not very productive right here so
productive the idea is we could get
battery charges so any period of
invincibility is positive we could also
get nothing
that's the other alternative seems to be
happening quite a lot despite the fact
that up until recently we had 6 lakh
now it's not a throw thank you for the
red heart every red heart is worth two
hits at this point of the game
please more HP please the spirit heart
my Savior all right no battery charges
yet I'm going to feel real silly if you
can't get a battery charge from glitter
bombs but we won't know that until after
the fight to begin with so just keep
tossing these in there dude it's a
useful card our damage is doubled our
stats are good for the first time in
this entire run I've tasted greatness
I've drank from the fountain of victory
hey have you ever had an Isaac run where
the Empress card was the best item you
got the whole time cuz I have I'm living
that life right now that was not very
smart of me
another bomb hey dude a bomb is a free
play I'm starting to believe
give me the angel statue see if I care
spoilers I do because I'm very anxious
about losing here that's a full health
pill we win it's a range upgrade can at
least poison this dude we've completely
failed on our use of that half a red
heart that's an extra hit last pill or
last bomb gave us nothing it's all right
dude
get well and truly dusted sir we still
have the ability to get hit six times
excuse me
and what planet are you still attacking
summoning enemies leave could also give
us some more HP not saying we should
bank on it just saying there's a chance
there is no planet in all of the
multiverses in which we should complete
the lam and manga Satan in the same run
on this god-awful Maggie run Thank You
acid baby and the greatest pill rotation
for refusing to let me to die thank you
self-sacrifice room for absurdly being
the right place strategically speaking
despite the fact that has literally
never happened to anybody else in human
history
the sum total of mankind's existence on
this blue marble adrift in the Milky Way
galaxy Thank You Empress card for
keeping me from completely losing my
mind and allowing me to hold on to a
shred of humanity Maggie's faith and red
baby we've done it thanks for watching
hope you guys enjoyed the episode if you
didn't click the like button I've said a
great deal of course subscribe you gonna
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time